Hey,
what's going on i's Bill Burr.
It's time for the Thursday afternoon,
just before Friday,
Monday morning podcast.
And I am checking in on you.
Um,
you know I do this show.
I usually,
you know how I do,
I usually uh,
talk here to myself.
I usually babble.
I usually ramble and then I try to read out loud,
but every once in awhile I have a special guest and a,
this is one of these Thursdays.
Um,
this man is here to promote his new book.
Everybody is awful except for you.
That will be uh,
you can preorder now and it's going to be available on Amazon,
Barnes and nobles and all that stuff.
Please welcome Jim Florentine.
Everybody.
It's good to see a bell and thanks for having me back man.
He liked how I did the big buildup.
I said the book,
I did the whole thing.
I was waiting for everybody to sit back and try and guess who the hell it was
going to be,
you know,
and then,
then I,
then I dropped the name on it.
That's old school showbiz right there.
That is cause then like who could it be?
Maybe it's,
you know,
someone hasn't talked in a while.
Maybe he's getting a Louis CK exclusive.
Maybe Louise coming back.
Yeah.
Maybe he's coming back and he's going to do what I'm bill's podcasts and you
know,
we were just talking about,
they might as well dive in.
That whole me too thing.
It's just like obviously had to happen everything,
but it is such like a bullying environment.
Even like the bullshit,
if it's a bullshit one,
you can't say anything.
Like recently one came out,
it was just like,
all right,
this just seemed like this woman wanted a famous boyfriend and it didn't happen
and then the end she went on her friend's blog or some shit and trash to this
guy,
and I can't even name names before all these fucking lunatic start coming at
like there's no,
there's no like,
hey,
let's,
let's examine this.
It's just all this person said that that means that's how it happened.
That's how the whole thing went down and let's burn down this person's life and
their entire bill ability to earn a living.
It's a little nuts.
Absolutely.
And being me being a single guy out there,
absolutely.
You don't know.
This is what you do like sign in triplicate before you'd be like,
I'm trying to,
I'm trying to get like,
you know,
shacks contract.
He used to sign or Michael Jordan or whatever supposedly had a thing where they
would sign like they're Osisko okay,
you go into the hotel room next door,
you know what's going to happen?
Sign here.
Yes.
This self,
this is so here's the consent.
You're a good center water and then you know what you're going in there and you
guys are gonna have sex and that's it.
What about funny,
one of the funnier things that I've read as far as like just all this extreme
mindset that's out there about politics that's out there,
about,
about this me too stuff.
Everything is just,
you have to be like all away on the other side of Rome,
against the wall all the way on.
The other one is um,
Oh God,
dude,
I'm getting so old.
I literally forgot my point right in the middle of it.
I swear to God.
I was going to make the greatest point.
I literally just fucking,
what the fuck was it?
Oh,
I know.
This is going to be a lot of this by the way.
Uh,
uh,
coercion is not consent is what they said.
When you coerce somebody into doing something that is not consent.
So I was thinking like,
okay,
does that mean I don't have to pay
my bank loan?
This is fucking month on my Alma Mater,
my car loan.
Hey Buddy,
you don't want this man.
You want the turbo man,
you come around the corner,
they're here and that engine,
the whole fucking world is coercion.
Everybody,
our whole business,
everything you,
anytime you sell anything,
any of it.
Half the Shit my wife does to me,
dude.
If coercion is not consent in women actually stuck by that,
would brunch still exist?
And that's a good point.
No,
no guy.
If you actually could see,
do you want to go to that?
No,
I do not.
And then she can be like,
Oh,
I'm on mine.
That's coercion.
Like cause you immediately,
you're like,
oh
fuck.
I don't want her to cry.
Anytime a guy goes to Brown,
she's taken the bullet on something.
Oh my word.
The worst is when they come up,
they said it's going to be like 40 minutes.
Is that going to be,
can you still stand like you have the option to say no.
I mean,
I say no.
That's why I fight with my wife so much.
No,
let's get outta here.
Yeah,
we could.
I can literally Google how to make fucking,
no pun intended,
eggs Florentine.
Go to the supermarket.
It's eggs and steam.
Fucking spinach on an English muffin.
I can figure this out.
No,
but I just as a fun RB on here,
so look,
obviously it's great that there's a form now that all,
all these,
these,
some of this shit,
this guy's did like who the fuck knew people did that?
I mean,
I knew there was fucking creeps out there,
but like now it's just,
it's getting to the point,
but with not,
it's not getting to the point,
but there's been a few where there's a few things where it's like you couldn't
handle that amongst yourselves.
Like did I need to know all the gory details of what you guys did here?
And then there's other ones that are just complete bullshit,
but I still don't feel that we're at a place where you can actually say that
because I think if you do,
then then what?
Then you're a rapist.
Yeah.
Then yeah,
absolutely.
You can donate and you have understand women now,
they just said,
we just want the guys to listen.
We don't want them to respond.
Don't come back like you're in a relationship and when your girls complained
about something,
that wall,
I know how to fix it.
But just listen.
That makes sense.
If what they're saying is true.
Yeah,
exactly know if you,
but if you're telling a fucking,
if you're talking about apples and you say in their oranges and then you're
telling me I'm supposed to shut the fuck up and then watch somebody I know lose
their fucking life,
their career,
that doesn't make sense either.
And I feel like a lot of people feel that and everyone's choosing like self
preservation.
Like,
sorry,
I keep hitting the table here.
Like,
uh,
I like the Golden Globes,
right when you went to that,
it's like,
dude,
if you didn't have a black shirt underneath the of Tuxedo,
I mean you,
you,
you are finished.
That meant you advocated sexual assault that night.
Then you had a word of pin.
Okay.
Time's up thing.
But here's the thing,
you literally could have just sexually assaulted somebody but wore a black shirt
and had the pen and no one would fuck with you.
Right.
So I don't eat,
I don't,
I'm old.
I,
so I don't,
I don't get what's going on anymore.
I don't get it.
Sorry man.
You're here to sell a book.
No,
no.
I'm want to get
into,
no,
I do want to get into it.
No,
absolutely.
I mean there's,
the story that we're talking about is just insane.
You know,
there was,
there was oral sex performed both time,
two times on each,
on each other.
And then when he wanted to have intercourse,
she,
he's,
she's like,
Nah,
I don't know.
And he's like,
all right,
we'll hang or whatever like that.
And then he had a funny line.
No,
I though it was a funny joke.
So he goes,
come on,
let's just have intercourse cause everybody,
and she goes,
you know what,
I,
I'd rather wait for the second date for that.
And he was at his place and he goes,
so if I pour you a new glass of wine,
is that considered a second day?
That's a fucking funny line.
And a guys throwing it out there,
it's a desperate Lonnie.
It is funny.
And then she goes,
no.
And then,
and then they hung out for a little longer and she goes,
I'm just going to go home.
She wasn't upset.
He goes,
okay,
I'll get you a car service center in a car.
Texted the next day.
I had a good time.
He last night.
Well I did.
And then that's how it started.
Some of these,
these,
uh,
what do you call them?
The cougars after a show.
Like if you want,
if you go out and you're selling anything,
dude,
you gotta get manhandled when you're out there.
Bowman handled once a weekend and happens to me,
cause I sell merchandise after show once a weekend.
Oh yeah.
Grab my ass.
Literally something.
If you did it like over put Po,
Po,
put your hand on my wife's tit.
No,
it's okay.
Or a girl goes,
hey,
put it on my tits.
Come.
We'll be funny.
Or every time,
all the time you got to come out after a show now you know like when those guys
wear that suit where you fucking dismantle a bomb,
you've got to come up happening.
All made a lit.
Well tell me,
tell me what is the book about?
Cause I already like,
I love the title,
it's everybody.
Everybody is awful and then parentheses except you to,
I like how I heard that was everybody,
you know,
on Facebook going on and on about how great they are and like how the world's so
awful and you know,
I don't know,
just having the whole,
you know,
Selfie the selfie generation.
Yeah.
That's basically what it is.
It just calling people out bad Facebook posts,
you know,
people brag and people looking for attention,
you know the per person that posts so,
and I'm on my way to the hospital and they just leave it at that.
I go,
okay,
so now you're going to get 50.
What's wrong yet?
Where are you?
Okay,
if I lived in New Jersey,
I'd be there for you,
but I can do,
please keep us updated.
Is Everything okay?
And then at the end it was just a sore throat.
Oh yeah.
You know what I mean?
It's never,
you always figure out these,
these,
these things like this crank Yankers all the way to this.
You always fun terrorizing telemarketers.
You always find like that,
that thing that,
that people are like,
I don't know what's,
I've always see whenever you do a project,
I always think I wish right fucking there was hanging right there and you just,
you up like this.
You've done the,
um,
the uh,
uh,
what was,
what was the show on VH one?
I just went blank.
That metal show.
Yeah.
How did you know that there was going to be,
you know,
like there was a bunch of people like me who wanted to know what Bobby blots or
was doing.
I was like,
I was so excited to see all those guys.
Like there was such a huge part of my life and I,
you know,
a part of my life,
when you're a teenager,
he's a drama for rat by the way,
as a paint just being a teenager where
there's sort of all of this exciting stuff and then all of this scary and
depressing shit all happening at the same time and that music was so great and
so fun that like,
I mean all of those guys in those,
those bands to me are on the same level of like the fonts were like when I was a
really little kid,
like the Fonz,
I had the trading cards and they like,
literally you're looking at somebody like made my childhood happier.
When I watched your show,
that metal show,
I was like,
oh my God,
I fucking loved that guy.
Like what?
What is,
uh,
is it just how your brain works?
Like how do you always seem to,
to,
to find,
I don't know.
I think we just got into the good time VH one classic was like looking for one
original program that didn't have anything on it.
Just show them repeats of just old music videos and we pitched like a heavy
metal talk show like the tonight show for ACDC fans.
They said,
okay,
we'll give you money for one pilot.
We pulled Lita Ford out of retirement.
She was like,
didn't do anything for like 20 years.
She was living on an island,
raising her kids.
So we had her as a pilot episode where like,
all right,
there's no,
she's back on the road.
She never sees her kids.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
Great.
Mommy.
She goes to being a great mom till we get,
we gave her exposure.
It's like,
oh damn,
I got a career.
And next thing I know she put three albums out in the last nine years.
Oh,
that's awesome.
And then,
uh,
you know,
and luckily to head of like VH one classic,
this guy used to be a d,
like a metal DJ up in Buffalo.
He goes,
I love this show.
Put It on the air.
You know,
it's going to be a shitty bar budget.
And I remember my manager goes,
this is the worst contract I've ever seen in my life.
You sure you want to sign us?
Like go,
yeah,
look,
whatever.
Who Cares?
At least we'll be on the air.
And we did 140 episodes.
What?
Seven seasons?
Who is,
uh,
some of your favorites that,
cause I knew that you were kind of already in that world a little bit like a lot
of you guys like you Norton and all those kinds of big Jay,
you guys seem to like know brewer.
Broer yeah,
I seem to know like rock stars and stuff like that.
You were kind of already in that world,
but when you went there,
what was like your bucket list of guests and were you able to get most of them?
Yeah,
I mean with Tony Iommi,
you know,
we got Geezer Butler,
Ronnie James Dio before he passed away was on twice.
Then we get Marilyn Manson.
You know,
we've got Tom Morello from rage against the machine.
I'm a huge fan.
We had Steve Harris from iron maiden,
so every,
every season was somebody different.
Like you gotta be kidding.
Sammy Hagar,
Michael Anthony,
you know I loved about Steve Harris was even people who had no new,
nothing
about music would be like,
that guy's an unbelievable bass player.
Yeah,
he was.
his fingers just flying.
Um,
actually iron maiden was the one that when I first wanted to play drums,
it was their drum.
Nicko mcbrain that was one of those,
uh,
one of those screen from a long beach,
you know,
that they filmed to whatever.
And uh,
I just remember when they finally went behind him because he used to always see
the honors,
right?
Yeah.
You can never see him.
He's buried in the sand and I saw the legs moving.
Yeah,
too.
I was like,
that looks fucking cool.
And I already failed on guitar because he actually had to like no notes and shit
like that.
And just coming from more of a sports background,
I was that guy.
He just kind of beat the shit
I know.
After,
after that looks like fun after a,
you know,
a big patriot loss,
you can know palm pounding the drums.
Oh,
speaking
of which hat,
what do you,
I know you're a,
an,
there's a famous story about you.
You're a huge Miami Dolphin Fan.
This,
this story that Keith Robinson is told me probably a dozen times and I never
stopped them because I love it was you were on a,
you're on some flight watching a dolphin game and you will,
you are going,
please tell me it's true,
right.
You were landing in the stewardess told you to shut your phone off or whatever
you were watching you,
you refuse to cause yeah,
it was an important part.
It's like,
this is before cell phones.
I have one of those little TVs with the antenna,
you know,
it's a little bar and it was a play.
It was a dolphin to off Bobby Kelly.
He's buying the next thing.
He always had that shit.
This was like an,
I don't know,
probably 99 it was a,
well I worked 98 when Montana was on the chiefs,
there was a dolphin chief playoff game and I was on a flight from Florida and it
was on like the local ABC cause there's a playoff game,
right?
So I have one of those little old school TVs when an antenna and I watched it
under a blanket the whole game because I didn't have to switch.
Like if my mom were in South Carolina,
I've got to find the ABC affiliate there and then we'll have Mike and I'm
switching around like this and I and Baltimore.
I got to find the other church.
So I watched the whole game and the woman came over like 20 minutes left.
You have a TV on,
shut that off.
It's going to affect the plane.
I go too bad.
I go with it.
I go,
it's 2121 and Merinos driving with two minutes left.
She goes,
you've got to Chicago.
I'm not shutting it off.
I don't care.
And even when the plane landed,
I still watching the whole thing and they won like right as the plane landed.
I'm like,
yes.
Oh,
that's why it was pre nine 11 it was pre nine 11 and I had that little,
yeah.
And you couldn't have any,
any kind of electronic device on the plane?
No,
but I'm saying if now a few said no.
Oh yeah.
That would have been like,
you know,
like the CIA.
Absolutely.
I would just say would come on and fucking been waiting for me when I learned it
.
But yeah,
I would not shut the TV off on the note.
I will add it on the black.
I didn't get car to like 20 minutes left in the flight.
I watched the whole game.
My girlfriend at the time,
we sit next to me.
I was screaming,
she was miserable.
She was way to end a bad trip and I get too bad breaking up again anyway when I
get back.
Oh,
I didn't know.
I thought you wanted like a jet blue because I was thinking,
well why wouldn't they just shut the thing?
I'll add your own teeth.
And my own little TV.
I brought it just in case they go to,
I was already doing the math am my good.
If they win,
they're going to play on Saturday at four 30 might.
That's when my flight is.
So I'm bringing my TV,
just the case.
And that's exactly what happened.
Wow.
Do you know what the only the Patriots beat Seattle.
I was flying from Sydney,
Australia to like Auckland,
New Zealand and I missed the whole game cause I was thinking that it's the super
bowl.
They show it around the world,
they're going to have it on.
Like,
you know,
they had TVs,
all they had was soccer.
I was like,
you gotta be kidding me.
So when I got off the plane,
I knew it was towards the end of the game,
but I just had to know.
So I told,
I asked my wife,
I go,
uh,
what's the score?
And she's like,
Oh,
I'm says the Patriots are winning.
And I was like,
really?
You know,
cause I was still,
you know,
after those two giant losses,
I was like,
Oh God,
now he's going to be three and three,
you know,
fuck.
And,
um,
I go,
how much time's left?
And she's like,
um,
it's says it's over.
I ain't go no way.
And then it looked that way.
They fucking started screaming in the middle of New Zealand,
look like a maniac.
And then it went back to the hotel and they were just showing the Superbowl and
this weird channel with no commercials.
And I watched it twice back to back.
And then I watched it again the next morning and I couldn't,
like,
I had no idea about that whole play in the end or anything like that.
But,
uh,
um,
anyways,
getting back to the initial thing I was gonna ask you,
a lot of people,
you know,
are talking about the Jaguars and the defense,
and uh,
they go into New England,
you know,
nobody thought that they were going to go into Pittsburgh.
Well,
some people did,
but they went in there,
they won there,
they beat buffalo bills,
but they beat the bills.
And it was like this snooze fest.
And then,
you know,
they went into,
uh,
the Steelers and they had like a shootout.
So everybody's talking about how great their defenses,
and I'm still like,
they just gave up like 40,
41 points,
but the week before,
who the fuck are they?
So Jim Florentine,
Amanda brought a TV on a fucking plane in 1999.
What is your gut feeling of patriots or a patriots?
Absolutely.
You,
you don't win in Foxborough and you know,
in Patriots Gillette Stadium,
you don't,
when they're a championship game,
you think Bella checks does feels we're looking past the Jaguars waiting for the
championship game.
Always fucking do they always do it.
If you see him,
we came out that year,
we played them.
They had already,
they had already bought their fucking plane.
Like that's the,
you know,
the urban myth.
They've had already bought the plane tickets and hotel reservations down in New
Orleans.
Um,
that,
yeah,
we've got bet Belicheck to prepare for Blake Bortles.
They've got no shot.
Yeah.
I don't care what kind of defense they're running back there running back got
hurt too.
Yeah.
With that defense looks good but to do,
but that's all right Birdie,
we'll pick them apart.
I find some.
But last week they did not look.
Some guy will come off the practice squad tomorrow and oh catch 10 passes on
Sunday is a thing.
How long can we do this?
We just keep doing it until he doesn't have a number one.
This isn't,
we don't have a number one receiver right now.
I'm with Edelman being out the whole year and uh,
you know,
I know we got Gronk he's a tight end but like are,
you know there's just,
there's a lot of passes.
They,
I don't know.
No,
there's the one guy he fucking stops.
It's like keep running,
keep it and not have time to see Brady going.
Like just keep fucking running.
So I don't know like this,
this game scares me.
This game scares me cause they can do the whole fad diet chapter till then I
suppose to bay here I got nothing to lose.
But Baba Baba Baba,
I'm getting all nervous about that now.
I think that they had their run,
I mean if the bills had any kind of quarterback,
they should have been won that game.
The first playoff game and Pittsburgh was waiting from New England.
They overlooked that there weren't prepared you sort of first quarter,
they weren't even but you know their head was in a different game.
Patriots good.
The only problem they could have as maybe if they play Minnesota in Minnesota
because the game will be a home game.
As long as I was nervous about it.
It's like the saints,
like I called that saints game.
I called and I was like,
drew Brees is going to go in there.
He gets no respect.
He's like the third all time passer and all that shit.
He's going to go in there and I kept saying that,
you know,
all these Minnesota fans,
we're going to go to the mall of America,
go into the giant Kleenex store,
and they were going to be crying and everything and exactly what the fuck I said
was going to happen until that last play with 14 seconds left,
which I have never ever in the history of watching people fuck up.
I have never seen anybody do what that poor kid did.
It's like he put his head down and stop looking at the guy and then he throws,
he basically threw a block,
took out his own fucking guy.
It's just,
I've never,
I still cannot fucking believe that that happened.
We,
uh,
I was watching the game,
a bunch of friends of ours at 17,
nothing half time,
and my brother gambles.
He's like,
all right,
look,
there's 10 to one odds you want to put on,
on the saints,
come back and win this game.
So we put,
um,
like $2,000 in a pot.
So I would've won 800 bucks if they would've just made a talk right there.
Fred was five,
right?
There's Greg was five but we had to just sort of saying to win the game from the
second half they were down 79th and a half time.
I go,
I'll do that.
So they had to,
when the half a win the game when the whole game at 17 nothing.
I'm like I'll put 880 bucks in.
I would've won 800 bucks and I'm watching that.
We're all,
can you guys doing?
We're like,
yes.
All right,
good.
We got this or you owe this and right now I'm only down this and this and then
we'll watch the last play.
Like
picture it all you guys walking and talking to the narrow with buying your
wife's furs and stuff.
When I say what I say,
don't buy anything.
Don't take it back and out of here.
Oh my God.
That's fucking do I wish you guys had the reaction video that you guys just
talking about all this shit.
I was already crossing off my bets on my car.
I cool.
I'm only down 30 for the day.
I'm this,
you took this and we're just already figuring out like,
we got this,
that's one of those games.
I immediately went to youtube to see people's reactions to it and these fucking
nerds,
we're like their first people that put their up and it was the worst reaction
ever.
They're like,
oh my God.
Wow,
that's crazy.
They already monetized it and everything.
I was so fucking mad at him.
I wanted to see saints fans crying and Viking fans crying because I figured like
the best reaction video I ever saw was when,
when Auburn,
my favorite one and wound Auburn caught that,
that field goal that came up short against Alabama and the dude ran the whole
thing back like Alabama was kicking to uh,
to win the game and it was a long field goal.
And if they miss who gives a shit,
we go into overtime.
I believe that was the scenario and it came up short and you can return it in.
The Auburn Guy fucking caught it and I,
they caught him sleeping and he ran it like a 105 yards back.
And my favorite one was these two girls.
One was for ob and one was for Alabama and the one screen we can go the other
ones like freaking out and then the end,
the fucking Auburn girl looks to the Alabama girl who's just totally stunned.
She was like,
y'all just lost.
Great.
So,
um,
anyways,
I keep forgetting to talk about the book.
So,
um,
you can preorder this thing.
Wait,
where do they go?
They go to Itunes,
they go to I book.
What do you,
where do you go from Amazon?
It's all the links up on Amazon.
Oh,
the link is up on Amazon.
It's Jim Florentine.
Everybody is awful except you and comes out February 20th.
Just me.
It's basically based off my podcast where I just,
you know,
people send in like bad Facebook posts or like vanity plates,
awful vantage.
This is some of this stuff.
Bed of Hennessy pussy power wash,
awful Facebook rule number 10,
drown us in dumb ass details.
Oh this is fucking great.
And I,
these are actual Facebook posts by people I posted and then I just,
you know,
just take them,
take them down.
Oh my God.
The weather posts in Ohio,
you know,
Mother Nature,
go away.
Okay.
Do you know what's funny is earlier this year I went to this fucking award show,
uh,
in one of these ones that was not televised.
That's the level that I'm at in this business,
right?
So I had a friend of mine,
he's got k,
man,
this is going to be like this big fucking thing,
blah,
blah.
You know,
eventually maybe it'll be a big award show.
Do you want to go with,
my wife loves music and he had a double date club,
blah.
Blessing.
All right,
let's go.
So right before we're going to go,
the other couple has to cancer cause simple shits and I,
we're going to this fucking thing that I,
you know,
like,
oh Jesus Christ.
So we show up,
dude.
I swear to God,
every fucking person say,
say 20 people want awards that night.
19 people crate and talked about how hard it was and everything they went
through and blah,
blah,
blah.
And I was just sitting there.
I just wanted to yell out,
you're in your 20s
how hard can you,
10 years ago you were in high school and you're accepting of fucking award and
you've got to hit album.
How fucking hard.
Good.
How are going to have Ben?
I was like almost 20 years and still on a fucking Futon,
right?
Nothing.
I don't know.
I was,
I was paying my bills with change at 36 years old and oh Jesus.
Taking it down there to change thing at the supermarket,
you know like they take like 8 cents off a dollar.
That was paying my at 36 yeah.
And here's the thing,
like who gives a fuck?
Like I don't know.
I like,
I don't know.
The entertainment business is difficult.
Like is it easy for somebody else?
Nobody goes into this business.
Even if you make it in two seconds,
then all that means is you are going to get fucking slammed back down to the
ground.
Because when you start to dip,
you're not gonna know how to handle it and you're going to fucking freak out.
It's better to get punched in the face repeatedly as you're walking up the hill.
Other than to just be on the chair lift,
go right up to the top and the first time you'll drop a ski or something like
that,
all that you just going to go right down the other side of the mountain.
So I actually,
it was one of the few times where I was semi ruining something.
Did your wife know you were annoyed?
Yeah,
but she thought it was funny.
She did.
She didn't think it was funny because right from right in the beginning it was
annoying.
I got there and this like I'm standing there,
you know the panic,
you know when you,
you,
you get like you're on like the guest list and you know they're going to your
name and the psycho.
I don't see it.
And then they found it.
It was like,
I had like this relief and all of a sudden the security guys just like,
excuse me sir,
sir,
I'm going to need you to clear this and we need to clear it.
And I'm thinking like,
I'm in this totally open area.
This woman had the fucking walked by.
It was just like some,
I dunno,
I dunno who the fuck it was,
but like she literally had 10 feet on either side of us and the guy was still
telling me I needed to get further up against like,
do you want me to become part of the paint?
I don't know.
So sorry.
This is just podcast is becoming about me complaining.
No,
no,
no.
That's perfect.
That's what it should be.
I don't know.
Every once in a while I want to have a guest and I tried.
I want to lighten it up or something.
How is the uh,
lighten it up?
Okay.
How's,
how's The New York comedy scene?
It's great.
It's been,
have you been,
uh,
you know,
I moved away and believe it or not,
like over 10 years ago.
So when I go back now,
I don't know who a lot of the new people are all,
all of the,
uh,
does a ton of them.
Yeah.
As it should be in a good,
you know,
to good though.
It's thrive in men has all the clubs,
they're packed and I really liked to stand the stand is my club in the city and
his great love that place.
And there's,
there's a danger fields I still love.
I haven't walked in there and 15 years and then the New York Comedy Club,
uh,
Al doesn't own it anymore.
No,
it's gotten better.
All right.
It's actually a decent gig.
And then they got the village on the ground is like the comedy cellar and they
got like three or three like they did when I was in New York.
The seller had the cellar,
they had a,
the y I don't think they had the village is a village underground.
I don't think they had that.
No.
He had like,
yeah,
they'll like,
like playing monopoly.
Like they keep it,
they got three rooms.
You like 10 shows on a Saturday night.
It's incredible.
I remember I used to be so jealous of,
uh,
when I was living with Bobby Kelly.
Um,
we would both have nine shows,
but I would be all over the city and he would,
he would have three at the Boston,
three at the was three at the cellar and he didn't have to take one cab.
He could just walk to all of them and he,
you know,
you got paid 50 bucks a seat.
Yeah.
So we have nine fifties and I'd have a bunch of twenties and fives.
I'll smash together from jumping in cabs going from the strip down to the cellar
backup to stand up New York.
Um,
can you do that anymore?
I know they kind of switched away.
They,
some of those guys.
Yeah.
You could still do what it's.
Um,
I,
I try to stay like one club,
one or two maybe in New York comedy club to stand.
I don't feel like running around,
like rushing around,
you know,
I'm not,
I'm not my twenties anymore where I'm just jumping on.
I started doing this,
running into another cycle back over here.
I'm like,
oh good.
And you know what I mean?
I'm working on my shit.
I know what I need to do.
I'm like,
sometimes I look just like to stay in the same,
it's like I'll do three shows that I did New Year's Eve.
I did four shows at the stand to stay there all night.
Oh,
it's perfect.
Other than the only thing that sucks is when they are in between shows and it
gets a little pack.
But then they put him downstairs and you find,
yeah.
What do you,
uh,
how much stand up do you do with all these like TV shows and books and all that
type?
How often do you get to get two weekends or a,
I'm on the road two weekends a
month.
Oh,
that's good.
Yeah.
And I do a one weekend in New York and then I take one weekend off.
So I got my son one weekend a month alone also during the week to seven.
That's amazing.
He's already getting into stand there.
He's been on stage like five times and he plays like from your like restaurant,
like the coolest kid ever.
Drums sing.
And now,
now he's all about stand up now because I took them out.
Uh,
I,
there was a show to Ronnie be Bennington does a show,
his radio show at the hard rock in New York every year does a live show.
There's 400 people.
It's sold out.
I'm going to get a segment where you go,
oh,
comedians go up and tell an old joke.
So I brought my son with me and he goes,
look,
if you want to go on stage,
you could tell an old joke is okay,
I will.
And he went up there.
I introduced him to the place,
went nuts.
He grabs the mic and I didn't even tell him.
I say,
he goes,
Oh,
you guys ready to hear a funny joke?
And I'm like,
man,
he's already working on a crowd.
It plays cause not something as a host.
I know what he tells a joke and the play and it gets an applause break and he's
up there and he did and we stood up on safe for another 10 minutes.
He felt that ever since then he's like,
dad,
got a show tonight.
Come on,
go get a show.
Let's just go get a show.
Just,
you know,
on stage,
right.
You can go down to the club and go,
yeah,
I could come on.
We've got to do which one are we do want to show,
you know it's going to be funny is that when he has to do like a book report
about nervous,
she would get,
he's going to be like all amped up to do what?
He's going to be psyched.
When I was in school I would just be like,
I would be so scared.
And then she wouldn't call it,
the teacher wouldn't call on me.
It'd be like,
thank God.
And then I see my buddy go up and then when he'd be done I'd be like,
ah,
fuck.
I wish I was him because it would be over.
And uh,
I had like a horrible,
I had horrible fucking,
uh,
I guess was that stage fright?
Yeah.
Public speaking.
I mean speaking,
once I knew I wanted to do comedy,
it took me a year to get on stage.
You get the balls to get on stage because I was petrified.
That's what I did.
I gave myself a,
I made a new year's resolution in 1992.
I was like,
at some point in this year,
I gave myself a whole year to do.
It was funny,
but the second I did it,
uh,
all of a sudden there was a talent contest like in January and I just signed up
for it.
And,
uh,
it was like a month out.
And then there was so many guys,
they pushed it.
And so I started like right in the beginning of March.
And uh,
yeah,
like horrible,
horrible,
like I wish,
like I actually hadn't,
I think that's great for a kid to,
um,
I think it's great from to meet a lot of people,
you know,
like,
um,
like we've had a lot of people come over the first year and my daughter's life.
And um,
so like when people come over,
she's not really like,
oh my God,
who's that?
It doesn't fuck with their universe.
And then to get them,
you know,
to talk to the adults or speak publicly is something,
I think that's a huge,
that's something I wish,
you know,
I was so fucking shy.
I almost feel like someone needed to do that to kind of nudge me out.
But if they did,
I probably wouldn't have been as fucked up.
I would've become a true,
yeah.
I would have just been some guy.
It's funny the way up to management at this point,
and he's only in first grade and one's like,
oh,
so he must be the class clown and classical.
No,
he's not.
I go,
that's why he could be a good comic.
He's not the guy,
you know,
hey,
look at me over here,
because those guys are never good.
Yeah.
There's a lot of hacks in elementary,
you know,
like fart jokes,
a lot of making face.
And those guys that try to do comedy later are terrible.
That is terrible.
That,
you know,
you want the quiet guy that just sitting back and observing everything and
remembering and writing it down.
You don't want the guy jumping on the desk.
That's the guy.
He's going to be a hack.
He's going to do any other guy.
You end up meeting at your show later and he's just like,
dude,
I was 40.
The Ui should have done this shit.
And you're like,
oh,
go,
go do it.
Or if he does stand up,
he's the guy who does the arms thing at the end where to go behind the comic and
work the arms
about.
Great.
Was that though the first time you saw it was hilarious.
It was the greatest thing ever because I,
so I had an itch on my crotch and they'd have some hot girl and see that the guy
I know.
Do you know one of the,
uh,
one of the most misunderstood comedians of all time,
I believe is Gallagher because everybody looks at him like he was this fucking
guy smashing all this shit.
He was making fun of advertising.
That's what that bit was,
right?
Sledge dramatic.
What the hell is it?
And it didn't work,
but it was all this visual stuff.
But so many people took it at face value.
They just wanted to go like,
oh my God,
God,
we're going to get like cottage cheese all in orange juice all over.
They never got the bit.
And what killed me is if you watched the beginning of his act,
he had some really,
really good material,
clever material.
I don't what time Patrice rest,
his soul was talking to him on the opie and Anthony Show and he was saying how,
um,
you know,
you need to pick a path.
You know,
it was great.
You,
they're going to do this Carlin stuff or you're going to be the guy smashing
shit.
And like,
he just wasn't able to convey it in a way.
And I remember listening to it,
I was driving,
I was listening to on the radio.
He's just going like,
yes.
Yes,
exactly.
He had that fucking bit where he sat down in the,
in the school desk.
They did this whole bit where he starts talking about how weird words are
spelled in our legs and our,
uh,
English language.
He started with the word.
I just remember him going like,
something like,
uh,
I ended up going to like it.
Uh,
like heard and then you point here,
is this a bird?
No.
Beard B a r d neat.
When you did the whole fucking thing and in the end he got back to the word that
he started with and then he just does it just all in circles.
And that's why I didn't go to school.
It's like fucking great bit.
Yeah.
For some reason he had to be sitting at a school desk when he did it.
So everybody starts going,
always a prop guy.
I Dunno.
No,
I remember he used to do his standup.
I remember seeing like show Tom is a,
Katie was on roller skates.
Right.
Then they do a thing where he was,
he had a giant couch and he put a trampoline in it and shit.
And like every,
so everybody would remember that.
Right.
But in the middle of all that,
he had this [inaudible].
I know he did.
I remember at the Andy we've,
but yeah,
he was almost like Carl and back in a day,
like a good smart material.
That was funny.
Yeah.
But yeah,
you come out on a giant fucking tricycle and then,
and that and then if it gets lost,
the grays and then he retires and he sells his act.
It was brother Gallagher to Gallagher to goes out.
He starts making a fortune and then gala gets jealous.
Goes,
wait a minute,
now I want my act back.
He's like,
no,
you sold it to me.
And then they had to go to court and now Gallagher to can't do it anymore.
So get the real Gallagher's back out there.
Yeah,
he,
he told him to do it when he couldn't tell.
I think I've heard so many stories and then he told him to stop doing it.
I just meant when that came,
when Gallagher too came to Boston,
it was the funniest fucking thing cause like Gallagher to to the layman sounded
like,
oh he wrote a new hour.
You know what I mean?
Like Ghostbusters,
Ghostbusters,
part two,
Gallagher Gallagher part too.
Right.
So he would go up there and it would be like,
it would,
it wouldn't take any more than three or four minutes.
Like right out of the gate.
It's like,
why does his voice sound so weird?
Cause he kind of looked like him.
If you sat in the back and then people just start what within four minutes,
like,
dude,
this isn't Gallagher.
Who the fuck is this?
And then this murmur would start and he,
that fucking guy would,
wouldn't even address it.
And he would stay up there for an hour as people going like,
who the fuck is this guy?
Um,
I only watched the first 10 minutes.
I had to run out and go do a spot.
But the tension in the room,
but that was back then where you could actually just do 40 member,
45 was closing.
Just do 45 minutes.
Yeah.
Somehow then it became like an hour.
I could still,
I still do 45 a lot of times 45 on the road.
Sometimes I'm,
I'm just,
I'm just going to do 45 yards,
like a club and they got a second.
Yeah.
Like a funny bone or something like that.
They've got a second show.
But even sometimes I just feel like doing 45 of 45 is great.
It's the best.
Yeah.
Cause you look down and you got,
you're at 35 I got fucking 10 more.
Not that I want to get off stage where all my God this is going good.
I'm good.
45 minutes to close it.
That's like having a beer in the afternoon and you got nothing to do for the
rest of the fucking day.
You know I'm jealous of his clean comics who get to like uh,
like I've heard Reagan we'll do like afternoon,
like a matinee show.
And if I ever for some reason could find enough fucking animals to show up for a
matinee show for me,
I would stop working at night.
I would do a fucking two o'clock.
It's like in radio number.
Oop.
You still always telling me about like doing how afternoon drive is like the
greatest thing because you know you have a life like you can,
if you still want to go out that night,
you can have,
no matter how hard you hit it,
you can sleep cause she's not back on the air until like noon or one or two
o'clock in the afternoon.
But,
um,
I dunno when I get old in my whole crowd turns into like the blue hairs,
uh,
like I will have no fucking problem switching to being the man.
I'll fucking do a,
I'll do an afternoon show.
I do a five o'clock or five o'clock and seven 30 easily.
People want to go out early in her.
All the comedy clubs have switched this time.
So like seven o'clock,
seven 30 on a Friday for a show at seven o'clock on a Saturday.
You want to hate the most,
I hate seven and 10.
Oh yeah.
So much time in between and me absolutely way too much time.
So you get the goody goody showing up at 10 and then you get the fucking meth
heads at seven,
then you get the meth heads at 10.
I always think like,
why can we just do seven and nine and nine just exactly.
I'll do for my type 45 we get them in and get 'em out.
Do you need me off so you can
turn this room over?
Now that pet peeve of mind,
now we can pitch a ball clubs.
When the first show starts late,
it's like how did it start late?
You knew what to.
I can see the second show starting late because you know somebody
build some drinks and shit.
This is the physical right out of the fucking game.
Yeah,
you don't want to,
you want to put yourself in a hole right off the bat.
If it's seven o'clock there's no reason for it to start at seven 15 just started
at seven the MC has got to take the bullet.
Oh,
I took the bullet.
You took the bullet when your emcee and Sardis motherfuckers got to take it.
Does people still walking in there eating?
Sorry man.
But you know these kids today,
they're all just say,
hey,
can we wait a minute?
Cause I,
you know,
there's people still coming in.
I,
I always go,
yeah,
yeah.
Don't worry.
Right?
Oh my God.
The amount of fucking times.
That's the most amazing thing about that.
Richard Pryor special,
the one that he did down there with the terrorist theater.
Then when he had the red shirt is he,
when he came out there was still people getting in this seats.
So anybody who's like a nerd for comedy,
like that situation is every situation that an opener gets put in.
He came out as a headliner on his own special dealt with that situation.
They crushed.
I actually think,
you know,
just being a nerd fan of his,
that that put them in the zone.
Cause rather than going out and having to jump into a bit going,
I am shooting a special and here's my first idea.
He went out there and just fucking started riffing and like I think it just
after that,
like that,
it's the greatest special of all time.
And you don't think he had an opener that did time?
No,
he did.
What or who?
I also,
we did,
he had a,
did he have a band?
Um,
I used to know this right cause I remember,
uh,
Eddie Murphy on delirious had the busboys from the movie 48 hours.
He had them open,
uh,
who the fuck did he have?
I used to know this.
It was like Gladys knight or something like that.
It was a singer.
Okay.
And they sang and everybody fucking went out to the bathroom afterwards.
And um,
they were like,
Richard is still coming back to the seats.
He's like,
no,
I want to go out now.
I want to go on now.
Like he just was failing it and they just sent him out there.
And I think that the chaos of it was what he kind of thrived in.
Um,
I dunno,
this is like some nerd shit,
but just this know that I've,
that I've read about him,
like when he was in Vegas and everyone was sitting down,
he supposed to wear clean and like thought that whole structure thing about that
he had like a fucking meltdown.
But then you get a more in that the,
the,
the little more chaos that was like,
like more of like his,
his kids' comfort zone was kind of chaos in a way,
it seems just from what I read,
man.
I don't know,
obviously never met the guy.
I'm just saying.
Um,
the worst was that,
I'm sure you went through this,
remember when you could still smoke in the comedy clubs to first show Saturday
was a no smoking show and they were always uptight.
Yeah,
they were always a tight ass as weren't a good crowd.
You knew if you just get through that show,
the second show is going to be great cause they would have drinkers and smokers
and they're fun people and they'll just laugh.
But the first ones are fucking,
they want to be home early.
They go out early and they don't want to put up with any smoke and they were
always fucking tight.
It felt good job always
coming out to just get this done.
Let's go to the comedy show.
Yeah,
we'll be home by nine 30 I remember when when when they used to fucking like bye
whole,
I don't know.
My first,
my first eight years of stand up,
that would put me to 2000 right around 2000 they started to have the smoke free
stuff.
Like I had actually had like a smoker's cough a little bit.
I remember I would wake up the next morning back when I had hair and I would get
in the shower and when the water would pour over me,
all this smoke that was in my hair,
I wish I would just breathe it in and it smelled like I fought a fire.
So what I started doing was I,
and I noticed I was getting a cough.
What I started doing was,
uh,
I'd come home after the shows and I would immediately take a shower and that was
just fucking throw my,
you know,
I was still living at home at the time,
eight years.
I know when I was in New York by then,
but like the first,
um,
three years when I was still living at home with my parents,
like I would just throw the clothes right in the fucking hamper and all of that
shit.
And a teeny maybe eyes would be like,
I'm going to being on stage.
My eyes were like burning.
Yeah.
The funny bone and Saint Louis was always like,
it was,
it was like a smoke machine.
Like you were at a concert.
It was like Motley Crue starting off,
you know,
shout at the devil.
You couldn't see a foot in front of you.
The whole fucking room smoked and you're like,
Holy Shit.
And yet I do like the ratios on a Saturday.
I'm like,
this is brutal on my,
yeah.
So do you,
do you now you finding with doing like stand up with,
uh,
cause when I went back to New York,
I couldn't believe how many groans I was getting.
Like I was getting a lot of groans in,
in,
um,
or just like people like kind of look at each other,
like what the fuck could just blows my mind that young people are like,
they,
they act like old people in clubs now.
And I feel like they are,
they're like,
I dunno like it,
cause they grew up on social media.
Like you just saying shit,
like you're going to get in trouble.
How have you found,
it seems like you think the New York scenes great.
Like I'm out of it.
I just went back for a couple of days and I think I was a little weirded out by
some of the,
uh,
the people there.
Are you finding it that it's because you've been there,
like you could sort of just because you're there every fucking night,
like you don't notice a change?
Yeah,
I don't see,
I don't see a change in too much.
I mean,
I don't see a change in out here either.
When I do sets at the comedy store and Improv,
I could pretty much do the same set.
I'm really feel it.
Um,
I dunno where you did them,
but I,
you know,
I know like a deer stand or New York comedy club,
they just come in the laugh and there's not really,
no one's really gone,
man,
that crowd sucks.
That's so uptight.
And so you're not,
we're not getting that at all.
It was,
I live out here now,
so I'm comfortable,
comfortable out here.
So I feel like la crowds are better than New York,
and it's just because I'm living out here and I'm just used to it.
I think that that's what it is.
I always hated la crowds.
When I used to come out 10,
15 years ago,
I would,
you know,
like,
why is this guy so angry on stage?
I just didn't get it.
You know what I mean?
I wasn't physical,
I wasn't smiling all the time and shit.
I'm like,
man,
he's crowds a rough.
And then it turned,
I don't know,
like maybe like seven,
eight years ago
where just you could do whatever you want in the comics were dirty and edgy and
they laughed at laughed because the laugh factory for so long,
this is such a weird thing to say.
It was too happy a place.
It was too well lit,
you know?
And then I saw that thing in the background look like the Warner brothers.
Any and that's all folks just still take a big fucking cartoon.
So I'd get in there and you could see the whole fucking Rome.
And then I just got like self conscious when I would go on that stage being
like,
just if you said anything fucked up.
But now I love the club.
Um,
it definitely was,
I,
I tried to stay away from that club because I knew I never did well on there.
Do you think that like,
uh,
there's gonna be a backlash to this,
like a sort of like,
I dunno,
cause I'm not saying everything that people get offended by is,
is wrong because that's not accurate.
But um,
the overreaction in this,
this like,
I'm Kinda thinking about every GI generation rebels against the other
generation.
The previous,
I'm kinda thinking like the next group of,
of young kids coming up.
I guess maybe it's wishful thinking.
I'm hoping that they're going to be more like the people I knew in the seventies
and eighties.
I don't think so because this generation,
the young ones now,
they don't drink,
they don't do drugs.
They might smoke a little pot.
They're not like promiscuous,
like the last generation before that where they were,
you know,
having sex early and getting no one 19 year old kids are not going in the woods
and drinking.
You know what I mean?
They're not getting high and not doing mushrooms like we did.
I wish I was smoking pot at 12 years old.
I was drinking,
smoking cigarettes.
When you would hide the beers you all excited like you still,
everybody will be like,
hey,
just steal like three beers to me,
dad.
I'll still three bubba and he put together like this,
this stash.
And then you'd go and you'd bury him in the fucking woods.
Remember when you would go out there and be so fucking cold that they froze,
froze.
And then you'd have to fucking just sit there and just slowly sipping.
Slowly said you wouldn't even be getting drunk interviews.
Giant ice of fucking beer.
Um,
or they get skunked if he left them out there too long,
even it's every weekend was like,
you'd go to the woods,
you'd get as fucked up as you possibly could and then the cops would show up
every fucking weekend,
chase you out of there and everyone to leave it in their cars wasted.
I mean,
there has to be a happy medium between that and what the fuck is going on.
I like,
I'm talking about this like I know what kids are doing.
They also doing like fucking ecstasy and meth and shit.
It is pretty nuts.
Yeah,
but I,
I seriously like the,
they're not,
they're not out,
you know like drinking and stuff like that.
I got a bunch of nieces and nephews and their friends and stuff like that.
Seed and none of them doing anything.
Don't touch alcohol.
They don't smoked and not even in the women.
Why would you dude,
if there was a flat screen TV in your house,
you know,
and these kids,
a lot of people got like a couple of them.
This is like a fucking TV and like every major room in their house,
you can go online,
talk to people,
play in video games.
You can watch porn on your right on your phone.
Yeah.
You can watch plane,
you watch a play thing.
The fucked up it is that you can just watch footage of a plane crashing.
Nobody knew what the fuck that looked like and we will grown.
He had to go like he,
there was some war footage but you can just watch you literally see anything.
What does it look like when a guy jumps off the building,
he hits the pavement.
What does that look like?
I don't know what that website is because I was never into the death shit.
Uh,
but you know,
I remember some of the fucking comics I was came up with when,
when all that Isis Shit,
when they was saw on people's fucking heads off,
they would go on and watch it and then they would come in like,
Oh God,
that was so fucked.
I was like,
why would you do that?
Like I actually know,
like I did a bit one time about being on fire,
screaming and blah,
blah,
blah blah.
And a buddy of mine,
a comic I knew told me,
he goes,
that's actually not the noise people make when they get burned to death.
And he started imitating the noise.
It was even creepier.
And I'm like,
how the fuck do you know that?
And he goes,
ah,
you know,
I've watched some pretty dark shit.
It's like you fucking,
somebody got burned to death and you,
you sat and fucking watched it.
I don't know.
I saw one isis beheading video.
My brother sent it to me and he's like,
don't worry,
it's not what it is.
It's a joke at the end.
Just watch it through the end just to mess with him this fall and I,
and it was,
it's still,
that was like 15 years ago or 10 years or I still can't get out of my mind.
I never watched that stuff.
Never.
I don't want to want to see anybody get hit by a car on a lot.
I want to see any of that shit.
They live.
Yeah,
they live.
It's just kind of why I like the happy medium if you can't handle the car is
somebody getting gored by a bull because it's literally like the only thing
cartoon does not exaggerate is how high you go in the air when the ball hits
you.
Dude,
I,
so I go,
oh fuck,
I don't have my phone.
I left my phone.
This guy fucking,
this dude's running and he's,
he said,
you know what's fucking idiot?
He's in the ring with a bunch of other guys with a bunch of bulls running around
and he didn't have his head on the swivel.
He gets fucking shot up in the air and the bolt takes off and the guy goes into
like a fetal position and then everybody comes and saves him.
And now he's running like looking back to see if the bulls come in.
And as he's looking back,
another bull comes to the guy again.
Yeah,
it was just like if he was an NFL player,
he's like,
he was on special teams or some shit in his,
uh,
his career's going to be over.
I do have to read a little bit of advertising here,
but um,
uh,
I name you say how great it is to see I don't have,
I get to see.
And now that,
uh,
I became a big phony out here in Hollywood.
You know,
when you've got a kid too,
man,
it's a whole other,
yeah.
You know this,
this weekend is my daughter's first birthday.
First Birthday while I'm baking my first cake and my wife had invited all these
people.
There's going to be all these kids there,
but we're going to have a cool,
like it's like adult food,
right?
You know,
if you want some whiskey as something like that,
whatever,
you know,
if the other spouse is cool,
we'll let you drive.
It's fine.
And then we got all this cool shit for the kids.
Our gift bag is,
is like this fucking bag of like gummy bears and just,
I don't know,
kids love gummy bears.
Right?
You know,
10 years ago you never thought you'd be baking a cake.
But my theory,
whenever
you think like,
I don't know if I could do this,
this is kind of what you do for the kid.
If there's a kid involved,
do you get a pass?
Oh yeah,
no.
My,
my,
my wife said to me,
she's going like,
I don't know,
it's going to be all these people because the recipe,
I had this for like a,
like a two layer cake and they should go,
may want to make it three.
And then she's just like,
well,
you know,
you could just go to the grocery store and do the Dunkin Hines thing.
And I was like,
no,
I'm not fucking doing that.
Right.
All right.
I'm doing this every year.
Like this is one of these things that you got to have on the,
on the resume for like when your kid gets old to be like,
what kind of dad?
What kind of Dad was my dad made me a cake every year.
I gotta at least have that because I'm a fucking lunatic and I know I'm going to
snap.
Well,
my son's got a little person to be around.
I'm an asshole so I,
I at least got to come through with a cake.
Right?
You have to document everything too because they don't believe you.
That's the advice I got from other parents.
Take pictures because they're not going to believe that you took them to
Disneyland every year and all that and you did all the shit with them.
So whenever I take my son anywhere,
an event,
I take a picture.
So I go,
hey mother fucker,
this is what I did at five.
This is what I did at six.
Look what I did.
Dan Marino told me that.
Marino told me that one time cause you know we came out to Mike show and I
didn't even get to see how you get to me and yeah,
I tell me he was,
hey Dan Marino was out and I was in Fort Lauderdale.
I was like fuck,
I would love if he came back.
He's such a humble guy.
Oh he's great.
He's funny.
He's awesome man.
I got,
Oh tell him what I've been wanting to tell him forever.
I was like,
dude,
if you played today and your prime with these rules of coverage,
you would throw for 6,000 yards without a problem every season.
And he's Ah man,
I appreciate that.
Now he knows he still loves to show off his arm.
He loves to just go,
let me just show you.
When they do those rock and jock things on the Superbowl,
those rappers,
you know like qtip or something and he's firing at him that
he must've watched it.
Dan Marino,
football life,
phenomenal arm goes up,
ball comes out.
It still looked like when they were just showing him throwing the ball.
It looked like they sped up the film.
It's like a,
it's like a fucking a viper.
You can't even see it.
It just fucking goes up on the burnout and it's a tight spiral.
Um,
that's funny.
Listen Motherfucker,
I took it here.
You're going to say the towel?
Yeah.
So just take document and take pictures the whole time.
We didn't do anything,
dad.
I'm already worried that,
uh,
when they go through that period where inevitably they hate you because that
gets,
the kid gets to a point where they know enough shit that they think they're
ready to live on their own.
That comes around like,
what?
11,
12,
13 and then you just got,
then you just gotta wait til they're like 26 I think.
And then they kind of like,
oh,
wait a minute.
You know,
it's a rough,
so it seems like it's gonna be,
that's a rugged,
rough 15 years.
Let me read this bullshit.
Stop doing this doctor Phil.
Shit.
Alright.
Aw me undies.
Everybody owe me undies.
Me undies.
Motherfuck I took you here.
[inaudible]
I opened you fucking first beer.
All right.
[inaudible] you want to look good in your underwear and be comfortable,
right?
But that perfect balance is hard to find down.
Sacrifice a comfort.
Why would you do that?
Talk about why me undies is the best underwear you will ever own.
Well,
it's free.
They send it to me,
you know,
so I'll wear it.
Feel good.
It feels on my balls.
And then I'll tell you guys how great it is.
It's,
it is.
I got to tell you,
it is pretty amazing.
And um,
it's got a superhero vibe too.
It's always feel a little stronger when I wear it.
Does that contractually fill my obligation?
There?
Myan will be the most comfortable pair of underwear you will ever own.
Made from sustainably sourced natural soft fabric that is three times softer
than cotton.
Ultimate feel good undies for what you want to feel.
Uh,
so for when you want to feel naked,
what ultimate feel good undies.
So when you want to feel naked,
not be naked.
All right,
sentence always trips me up.
100% satisfaction guarantee.
They guaranteed you will love your undies or your money back.
Right now,
uh,
me undies has an exclusive opera from my listeners.
Get 20% off your first pair and free shipping and me on s is so sure you'll love
this.
Their underwear,
they even offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee.
This is the point,
the coffee when I want to start fucking crying because I'm so bad at reading out
loud and I still have like another three paragraphs.
All right,
you order a pair and if you don't love your first pair of get a full refund,
there's,
this is a no brainer,
20% off free shipping and 100% satisfaction guarantee.
What are you waiting for to get your 20% off free shipping and their 100%
satisfaction guarantee.
You can get the best and stop this underwear you will ever own.
Go to [inaudible] dot com slash bird that's meundies.com/ [inaudible] this is a
limited time opera,
so what are you waiting for?
Start wearing the best underwear of your life.
It changed my life evidently according to the copy.
Yeah.
If I wasn't wearing these,
I wouldn't had Jim Florentine on here promoting his book.
Everybody's awful except for you available now.
That's like the joke within a joke.
Uh,
the ad within an ad,
um,
start wearing the best underwear of your life.
It changed my life.
It's time to let me undies change yours.
Go to [inaudible] dot com slash burr right now.
All right,
let's wrap this up.
I want to get Jim Florentine Florentine Florentine Florentines,
um,
NFL picks for this weekend.
Patriots.
Jags you already picked the pats.
Now let's talk about the eagles and the Vikings.
Two teams that have never won a Superbowl.
Neither the Jaguar three out of 14 said,
not won a super bowl.
That's a tough one.
This is going to be,
you know,
cause uh,
two backup quarterbacks in there.
Um,
Minnesota has got a good deal.
You don't know what nick falls is going to show up,
right?
Um,
I'm going to go,
I'm going to go Philly,
you're going to go fill it.
I'm going to go fully at home feeling at home.
Fucking yeah.
Ends all that excitement in Minnesota.
Yeah,
I think so.
And the city of brotherly should have lost that New Orleans game.
They should have,
you know,
lose it and then New Orleans fucked the whole thing up.
So yeah,
I just
imagine if you are a die hard saints fan
and that happened,
it would be like,
that would literally be like if you fucking,
if you did a fucking standup special,
you had the greatest special of all fucking time.
And then right at the end of your special,
you went to put the mic on,
the mic stand is somehow you did like a fucking face plant.
I'm trying to think like what you could do,
like you did it or maybe there was no audio.
Oh you have to do is wave.
No,
but you'd have to go and somehow you,
you fucked up.
Are you okay?
Yeah,
no.
In the end you just go,
I like fucking kids.
He would take your dick out and start jerking off.
Maybe it's not that that,
yeah.
So I think,
yeah,
the eagles maybe a field goal though when it went to a,
and there'll be Philly and patriots and patriots,
you know.
Okay.
31 20 something like that.
And like that,
I'm hoping the Patriots win and Abrasive.
Mine didn't just look at the quarterbacks.
So that's what you got to do with how,
who has a better defense eagles or a vikings?
The Vikings,
I kind of want the vikings are on the road.
They got a better defense and then,
you know,
they got a backup,
but he's their guy at this point.
Yeah.
Case Kanombe that's what's making me feel old now is the names of quarterback
case Carson.
It's just like our generation's gone.
There's no,
there's no,
Jim says no bills.
No,
not anymore.
There's no Steve,
you remember Steve?
No.
Steve de Burgh anymore.
Steve de Birds Marino.
You know Steve Young,
you only like I left is like Jay,
uh,
your Yo Guy Jake.
Oh,
Jay Cutler.
Yeah.
Shakes.
Not In my field.
Goal kickers.
Cody.
I,
I've never,
there was never a Cody on the dolphins to last year.
Oh,
they love to see names that,
oh,
everybody born in the 90.
[inaudible] seem to have like a,
see David started with Clemens?
Oh no,
he named everything with a k.
Oh yeah,
yeah,
the Cody,
but like it was that.
All right,
so you pick it up.
I'm going to say,
I'm hoping the Patriots win and then I have no idea.
Oh,
such a fucking hard one.
I would actually say the vikings go in and break the eagles heart,
but the football gods smiled on him last week.
Am I going to go against the Vikings again this week?
I can't do that because then if they win,
I'll have to go against them again if the Patriots win and there'll be chinks in
my own team.
So do I pick enough?
Fuck that.
And I don't think there's going to be a,
a big home field advantage of the vikings going into soup bowl.
A lot of those are corporate tickets and it doesn't,
the Patriots can play anywhere,
so it doesn't matter.
Right.
I think,
uh,
that's a tough one.
That's the game.
Viking sequences a game.
That's going to be a good one.
I I.
E.
I'm going to say vikings.
I'll pick.
No,
you took the eagles.
I'll take the vikings.
Fuck it.
Yeah.
I just think the old nick falls is going to show up.
Old Nick full shows up.
But both of those fucking teams,
both those franchises to football,
God's love to fucking Yank the rug out from underneath.
I know.
I think there's a chance to stadium I collapsed on the both teams.
Either way.
It's going to be great,
Jim.
So great to see it.
So awesome to have you on the podcast.
And once again,
everybody is awful except you is available now for preorder your preorder 20th
and February 20th.
You can get it on Amazon,
Barnes and noble,
and to quote Jim Florentine,
all of that shit,
you'll be able to get it,
uh,
really happy for you buddy.
Continued success and,
uh,
hope to run into you in New York.
All right.
Thanks man.